The lines in quotation marks are said by a male narrator.


The thumbnail of the video is the Minecraft logo on a black background.

The screen fades from black to a sunrise over a taiga forest in a world made of blocks. The camera moves to the right.
"Let's go to a place, where everything is made of blocks"

The screen fades to a man with a blocky appearance on a shore facing the camera, the sea is behind the man. The camera slowly zooms out.
"Where the only limit is your imagination"

The screen fades to the man walking into a taiga forest. The camera moves upward.
"Let's go wherever you want to go"

The screen fades to the man walking up a mountain by jumping up the blocks one by one. The camera slowly zooms in.
"Climb the tallest mountains"

The screen fades to the man holding a torch, standing in the middle of a pitch-black underground canyon.
"Venture down to the darkest caves"

The screen fades to black, then to the man placing wood blocks in front of the camera, covering it.
"Build anything you want"

The screen fades to the man placing cobblestone blocks at night for the roof of a house, then to the man tilling soil outside the house whilst it's raining.
"Day or night, rain or shine"

The screen fades to the man standing in the desert. The camera moves upward.
"Because this is the most significant sandbox you'll ever set foot in"

The screen fades to black, then to the man standing on the ledge of a castle wall, facing the camera. The castle can be seen behind the man, the camera moves upward.
"Build a majestic castle"

The screen fades to the man flicking a lever and the piston it's connected to moving a block, then to a first-person view from a minecart rolling down a rollercoaster in a straight line.
"Invent a new machine or take a ride on a rollercoaster"

The screen fades to two blocky men between two houses, one is placing flowers and the other is chopping a tree down. The camera slowly zooms in.
"Play with friends, build your own  little community"

The screen fades to a crafting screen where an iron chestplate is being crafted, then to the man in full iron armour holding an iron sword. The man walks off-screen to the left.
"Protect yourself with the strongest armour that you can craft"

The screen fades to the man in iron armour fighting a zombie at night.
"And fight off the dangers of the night"

The screen fades to the man in iron armour entering a cave at night.
"No one can tell you what you can and cannot do"

The screen fades to black, then to the man in an oak forest walking away from the camera. The camera moves upward.
"With no rules to follow, this adventure is up to you"

The screen fades to the Minecraft logo on a black background.